Example/Template frontend CRUD project in Elm.  
See parent umbrella [typesafe-web-polyglot](https://github.com/rpeszek/typesafe-web-polyglot.git).

__Goals:__
* Type-checked Web!
   * Server-side typed Web API
   * Client-side typed dispatch/API using hash URL fragments
* Following TEA architecture closely

__Features:__  
* Independent components testable in isolation and agnostic of each other 
* CRUD code reuse across crud-ed entities
* Minimize styling decisions on entity level (keep them reusable)
* Almost-SPA (large page scopes), SPA ready design
* Customizable logging of elm runtime interactions
* Integrated with Elm code generated by Servant
(see ).

See also: [Naming Conventions/Code Review](README_CODE_REVIEW.md)

__TODO List:__  
* Integrate server user/owner/security
* List pagination support
* Add has-many relationship to example CRUD
* Logging as UI component
* Keep rethinking styling and views 
   * should I keep using purecss?
* Improve validation

__Git:__  
I am using submodules to get dependencies/elm-purecss,  elm-purecss project is not available
as elm 0.18 package dependency.  

__Backend companion projects:__  
[crud-ex-backend-yesod](https://github.com/rpeszek/crud-ex-backend-yesod.git).  
[crud-ex-backend-servant](https://github.com/rpeszek/crud-ex-backend-servant.git) 

__To Run in elm-reactor:__  
0. Install [Elm Platform](http://elm-lang.org/)  
1. Start backend server (see backend instructions). 
2. start elm-reactor
3. point browser to elm-reactor.html 

__How to Deploy to Yesod:__  
You can use or look at the primitive and ugly elm_deploy_to_yesod.sh file.
That file is assuming folder structure in which 
this project and
[the yesod project](https://github.com/rpeszek/crud-ex-backend-yesod.git) 
share the same parent folder.


__Using with Servant:__  
You can switch parts of Elm code between Servant generated Elm code (sh use_servant.sh) or 'hand-coded' model, http and JSON parsing code (sh use_handcoded.sh).  The source code defaults to Servant generated. 

Included primitive elm_deploy_to_servant.sh file assumes folder structure in which this project and [the servant project](https://github.com/rpeszek/crud-ex-backend-servant.git) 
share the same parent folder.

__Conclusions (so far):__

* I like Elm a lot :fireworks:. Combines FP and simplicity!
* Would like to see 
   * more stable language API
   * package manager working with ported (JS FFI) projects
   * language polymorphism (is it FP if I cannot define classic denotational abstractions? How about laws and proof obligation?) 
